MQTT Guide (#817)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-guides: src/docs/common/snippets/common-mosquitto.adoc

## Mosquitto

Install and run https://mosquitto.org[Mosquitto]

____

> Eclipse Mosquitto is an open source (EPL/EDL licensed) message broker that implements the MQTT protocol versions 5.0, 3.1.1 and 3.1. Mosquitto is lightweight and is suitable for use on all devices from low power single board computers to full servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eclipse Mosquitto is an open source (EPL/EDL licensed) message broker that implements the MQTT protocol versions 5.0, 3.1.1 and 3.1. Mosquitto is lightweight and suitable for use on all devices, from low-power single-board computers to full servers.
```

Author: Thanks, please note that this quote is coming from Mosquitto website.

> The MQTT protocol provides a lightweight method of carrying out messaging using a publish/subscribe model. This makes it suitable for Internet of Things messaging such as with low power sensors or mobile devices such as phones, embedded computers or microcontrollers.

Reviewer: It's not clear to me if embedded computers and microcontrollers are meant to be examples of mobile devices, or if they are separate devices in the list. Depending on which is correct, one of these revisions should make it more clear.

```suggestion
The MQTT protocol provides a lightweight method of carrying out messaging using a publish/subscribe model. This makes it suitable for Internet of Things (IoT) messaging between a variety of devices, such as those with low power sensors and mobile devices, including phones, embedded computers, and microcontrollers.
```

```suggestion
The MQTT protocol provides a lightweight method of carrying out messaging using a publish/subscribe model. This makes it suitable for Internet of Things (IoT) messaging between a variety of devices, such as those with low power sensors, mobile devices like phones, embedded computers, and microcontrollers.
```

Author: This is a quote from the Mosquitto website. We don't need to proofread it.
